Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
‐ Hi there.
My name is Marcus Lund.
and you are listening
to The Ultimate Playlist of Noise.
I hope you can hear me.
because I definitely cannot.
I'm sharing the past few months
of my life with you.
which I think can only be described
as "extraordinarily formative."
Darling don't you go
and cut your hair
WOMAN:
Hey. you're gonna miss the bus.
I said‐‐
I said. "You're gonna miss the bus."
This is absurd.
‐ Why? One's for music.
and one's for ambiance.
Look. What if you want
to listen to Neil Young
while roasting marshmallows
in the Smoky Mountains?
‐ Uh. what are the chances of listening
to Cat's in the Cradle
while you give a valedictorian speech?
‐ Well. I have a 2.8 GPA.
so you do the math.
Math. Ugh. no thank you.
‐ Yeah. Now you see my problem.
MARCUS:
Look. I know what you're thinking:
is wearing two pairs
of headphones overkill?
Yes. Do I care? No.
My town has won America's Safest Suburb
12 years in a row.
The only notable landmark is
the Chili's where Obama ate.
I think he got mozzarella sticks.
I don't know.
there's a picture on the wall.
The point is sound is my escape
into something bigger than myself.
Some people play video games.
some watch movies.
I listen to Sonic Youth while pretending
I'm walking through a thunderstorm.
‐ Where is it? Come on!
MARCUS: Other than that.
I'm just your average teenager.
acne. mood swings. weird elbows.
You guys ready for Sharkitecture tomorrow?
‐ Oh my God. I'm so excited.
‐ Hey. if I buy you pizza after.
will you help me crowdsurf?
‐ You have that much faith
in my upper body strength?
‐ No. but I am a risk taker.
Get ready.
‐ Your coccyx bone.
If you were to describe me
to a police officer.
you'd probably say something like
"that kid with the ugly‐ass scar
on his back."
When I was a kid.
our house caught fire.
My older brother Alex rescued me.
He didn't survive.
Everything I do. I do for Alex.
I wear his headphones.
Use his tape recorder.
And listen to his music.
All of his music.
Especially Sylvie Scar.
It's sort of made me the resident
"playlist doctor" at my school.
‐ It's tomorrow. right?
All right.
"The Ultimate Playlist of Third Dates."
Begins and ends with D'Angelo.
Here's "The Ultimate Playlist
of Suburban Acid Trips."
So we have Animal Collective for the rise.
Brian Eno for the fall.
and Belle and Sebastian
in case you hallucinate
your face is lasagna again.
"The Ultimate Playlist
of Getting Mr. Denver's Attention."
WOMAN: Conway Twitty?
‐ So about that C‐minus?
All right. I need a closer
for "The Ultimate Playlist
of Facebook Stalking Your Ex At Three AM."
Any suggestions?
‐ Oh. Pig Destroyer.
‐ Yeah. it's a strong choice.
‐ You're making this playlist
for yourself?
‐ No. some kid who got dumped
at Homecoming.
‐ Ah!
I wondered why you were making a playlist
for an ex when you've
never had a girlfriend?
LAURA:
Dude...
you just got roasted by your mom.
‐ Shut up.
‐ I'm sorry.
‐ No. it's fine. Thank you.
Guys. are you almost ready?
DOMINIC: Wait. Hold on.
‐ Dad. what are you looking for?
DOMINIC:
Hold on. Ha ha! Got it!
All right. Me and Sylvie Scar
at The Pyramid.
1979.
MARCUS: What?
DOMINIC: Yeah. before she was big.
SARAH: Whoa!
‐ Nice. Mr. Lund.
‐ Holy shit. Dad.
Why didn't you tell me
you used to be cool?
Hey. we should get a picture
with Sharkitecture after the show!
‐ As long as you're home by ten.
‐ Wh‐‐ Mom. the show ends at ten.
What if there's an encore?
‐ Then the encore
had better be done by ten.
‐ Do you not understand
how an encore works?
‐ It's a school night. You know the rules.
‐ Mrs. Lund. because we don't
actually live in this house.
we're gonna stay out as late as we want.
ALYSSA: That's fine.
‐ Sorry. dude.
‐ Well. this is a police state.
Just want to let you know that.
‐ I love you too.
‐ Calling the ACLU.
SARAH:
Has your mom gotten a little bit‐‐
MARCUS: No. it's fine. She definitely is
a little bit more‐‐
‐ Bitchy?
‐ Laura!
‐ Overprotective! Thank you.
Look. I'm the same age
as Alex was when he passed away.
so I think she's just getting
a little extra
"hands‐on."
Thanks.
‐ Well. she means best.
‐ Yeah. But her best can just be
kind of annoying sometimes.
But. you know. at least I have you guys.
LAURA:
Aww. and you always will.
Except for right now.
because you won't drink.
Sarah and I are gonna go do shots
in the ladies room.
‐ Oh. come on!
‐ We'll meet you at the front. all right?
‐ Alcoholics.
LAURA: Sorry.
‐ Hey. go watch the opener!
‐ Who is the opener anyway.
some middle school ska band?
Why can't we just admit
that no one cares about the opener
and we should just skip to the‐‐
WOMAN:
‐ ...main attraction.
Now. I don't know if I believe
in love at first sight.
But love at first sound?
Yeah. I could believe that.
stretched out before me
MARCUS:
In a funny sort of way...
‐ Guess that's all the time I have.
‐ What? No!
...the sudden jump from beautiful music
to disappointing silence
was a great foreshadowing
of events to come.
Let her play.
Because spoiler alert.
sometimes things aren't
exactly as they seem.
What seemed like a great opportunity
to meet one of the best musicians
I've ever heard
was actually a great opportunity
to get elbowed in the face.
And what seemed like an acid trip
going horribly awry
was actually me having a seizure.
‐ Dom.
Hey.
‐ Hey. buddy.
Hi.
Can you hear me?
‐ Where am I?
‐ You're in the hospital. sweetheart.
You had a seizure.
‐ Did it look cool?
ALYSSA:
Are they cancerous?
DOCTOR: No.
Typically. these tumors are benign.
Of course. that's not conclusive
until we get a biopsy.
And... I am recommending surgery.
‐ Brain surgery?
DOCTOR: Yes.
We have Dr. Higgins who will be here
at the end of the month.
and we can wait till then to do this.
We'll just give you some medications
that will control any possible seizures.
Because of the location
of this specific tumor.
the whole auditory area is compromised.
so there will be complications
post‐surgical.
‐ My hearing?
‐ Yes.
The biggest one being
you will lose your hearing.
‐ What about hearing aids?
‐ Well. you'll no longer have the anatomy
that would support a hearing aid.
MARCUS: Things were pretty bad there
for a while.
Everything sounded sad.
Like it was saying goodbye.
WOMAN:
Yeah. that should be nice.
Are they flying in?
‐ And then these. which are
the little white ones‐‐
Are you listening?
‐ Yeah. I got it.
‐ Marcus.
look at me.
If you don't. you know you're going
to have another seizure.
‐ Mom.
‐ All right.
The last one you need to take. um.
every other day. so I figured
Monday. Wednesday. Friday.
Okay?
‐ Cool.
How many of those to kill myself?
‐ He was just kidding.
MARCUS: Do you guys know who the opener
was at The Pyramid?
SARAH: I thought openers sucked.
MARCUS:
No. not this one. She was incredible.
I wish I knew her name.
‐ Was she hot?
‐ It's not about that.
it's about the music.
‐ She was totally hot.
‐ Hey.
Grab your coats. we're going in ten.
‐ What? Where?
‐ To a comedy improv show.
‐ I don't want to go to a comedy show.
‐ It'll be fun.
Come on. girls.
‐ Where is it?
ALYSSA:
It's at West Gate Cathedral.
‐ Church improv?
‐ Hey. I'm gonna tell you something.
I sure hope these donuts is holy!
IMPROVISER: Joseph. I said‐‐
‐  Hey. we can go.
‐ Yes!
Hey. come on.
IMPROVISER:
All right. this next scene. folks.
we need a suggestion from the audience.
I need a gift for baby Jesus.
‐ Having a brain tumor is
the perfect excuse to start drinking.
‐ Definitely ask me again
if my mom ever makes me go
to another Friday night at church.
‐ At least she's trying.
‐ Yeah. I get it.
It's just...
I don't want to laugh.
I don't want to pretend to be happy.
You know what I want her to say?
I want her to say.
"Marcus. I'm so sorry.
This really sucks and if I were you.
I'd probably kill myself."
‐ I don't think your mom is going
to tell you to kill yourself.
‐ Yeah. well. she's making me want to.
Look. I don't wanna be
the dramatic sick kid.
but I really love sound.
That sounds so dumb to say but
I really love it.
And I know I have
my whole life ahead of me.
but I just can't help thinking about
all the sounds
I'm never gonna get to hear.
Like the engine of my first car.
Or my kid's laugh.
I know I'm lucky because I'm not dying
and I don't have cancer.
It's just my hearing.
Obviously I can live without my hearing.
I just don't want to.
Oh shit! Hide the flask!
‐ Hey.
MARCUS:
Holy shit. my playlist worked.
‐ Ms. Richardson!
Get some! That's kinda cute.
‐ You know what? I bet AP History teachers
are the kinkiest teachers.
Ooh. but let's not stick around
to find out.
‐ Hey. at least you got to hear this
before you went deaf.
‐ Oh yeah. Ms. Richardson's
cowboy wet dream come true.
You can cross that one off your list.
MARCUS:
Okay. so. yeah. I know it's dumb.
and I wish I could say I came up
with it myself.
But if it weren't
for my history teacher getting laid
the idea would have never come to me.
The Ultimate Playlist of Noise.
The plan was simple.
I would road trip across America.
recording all my favorite sounds
before my surgery.
The big sounds.
the small sounds.
and everything in between.
All I had to do was make a list...
but it had to be perfect.
Nothing boring. No B sides.
I wanted the greatest hits album.
A life's worth of hearing
crammed into just one month.
It would be like a going‐away party
for my ears.
with all my favorite sounds invited.
SARAH: Ooh. what about
a volcanic explosion?
‐ Where are we gonna find
‐ Yeah? Well. how are you gonna find
"100 Soda Cans Opening
At The Same Time"?
‐ Sounds kinda cool. right?
Yes!
Here it is.
Alex's old mic.
All right.
Testing. testing. one. two‐‐
Jesus. this is dusty.
Still works.
‐ Jesus. this is dusty.
‐ All right.
‐ At risk of sounding
completely insensitive.
why are you recording this
if you're going deaf?
‐ Beethoven was deaf.
he still composed music.
I don't know. watching people listen to it
will be the next best thing
to hearing it again.
‐ Aww.
‐ All right. I got 49 entries.
I need one more.
and I've got an even 50.
SARAH: Okay. my vote is still
volcanic explosion.
Or Cate Blanchett whispering
"I love you."
That might just be a me thing.
LAURA: I love it.
‐ Yello.
MARCUS: Hi.
Is this Trolley Studios?
MAN: Yup.
If you wanna book studio time.
go to our website‐‐
MARCUS:
Oh no. no. no. actually.
I was wondering if someone I know
ever recorded with you guys.
Maybe a demo or something?
Would have been a while ago.
‐ How long ago we talking?
‐ Like. ten years ago?
MAN:
Oof. Um. okay. who are you looking for?
MARCUS:
Alex Lund.
He's my brother.
‐ Alex? Alex Lund?
You're his brother?
‐ Yeah! You know him?
‐ Dude. I was his drummer!
‐ No way!
MAN: Yes way!
Alex was the all‐time greatest. man.
I miss the hell out of that guy.
You know what?
We totally did record a demo here.
but that would have been ages ago.
Oh!
God!
You in New York?
‐ Yeah.
Yeah. I will be. I just. um.
I just have to talk to my mom first.
MAN: Okay.
‐ Talk to your mom about what?
‐ Um‐‐
‐ Absolutely not.
‐ What?
Why?
ALYSSA: Honey.
you can't go on a road trip to New York.
‐ I mean. was it the tie?
‐ The tie did take me
out of it a little bit.
‐ No.
‐ Dom.
‐ I'm just saying it's a loud tie!
‐ Yeah. it is a loud tie.
DOMINIC: What happened to that
nice blue one I got you?
‐ I spilled Nesquik on it.
‐ Can't we have anything nice‐‐
‐ It's enough with the ties.
DOMINIC: Okay.
ALYSSA: Marcus‐‐
Honey.
you have seizure medication to figure out.
you have ASL classes.
you have to finish school‐‐
‐ No. I called. They said I could
finish classes over the summer.
‐ Why can't you just listen
to all the sounds on the internet?
‐ And what. use headphones?
That's like wearing a condom!
‐ Oh. buddy‐‐
‐ What is that supposed to mean?
‐ Okay. Mo‐‐ I'm sorry. Mom.
This is the last chance for me to hear
what it sounds like to be alive.
My last chance to hear Alex.
You have to know how much
this means to me.
‐ Sweetheart. I do.
I understand.
I'm sorry. it's not a good idea.
‐ Jesus Christ. why do you have
to be so difficult?
‐ Hey. hey. come on.
‐ No. I mean it!
I have one month left
of my life as I know it.
and you want me to spend it
in a sign language class.
‐ Marcus. you have one month
to prepare for the rest of your life.
‐ I don't care about the rest
of my life. Mom.
God!
‐ "Number 17: Fast‐Talking Auctioneer."
You gotta admit. it's a...
it's a pretty good list.
‐ I'm gonna go talk to him.
‐ Okay.
ALYSSA: Marcus. sweetheart.
Can we talk?
‐ Ohh! Okay.
Here we go.
All right. mic check. mic check.
Huh! Hi. I'm Marcus Lund.
and you're listening
to the Ultimate Playlist of‐‐
Holy shit!
Oh my god!
Oh my god.
Are you okay?
‐ Hitchhikers. yeah?
‐ What?
I'm so sorry. I didn't even see you.
Should I call an ambulance? Are you okay‐‐
‐ Just go! Go!
‐ Oh my god. your head‐‐
‐ Go. go. go. go. go!
‐ Okay. Okay.
Okay.
Sure you're okay?
I could drop you uptown or downtown
or anywhere on the way.
I feel so bad.
I actually don't know what's on the way.
I'm headed to New York!
Also are you hot? Because‐‐
‐ What did you say?
‐ N‐‐ no. not like "are you hot." like‐‐
‐ No. You're going to New York?
‐ Yeah.
Is... is that okay?
‐ How long till we get there?
‐ We?
‐ Yeah.
We. I'm coming.
‐ To New York City. The city of New York.
that's where you're going?
‐ Yes.
‐ There's no way you're also going
to New York.
I can barely believe I'm going.
‐ Two people can both want
to go to the same place!
‐ Mmm. no. Not like this. This is weird.
‐ This is not weird!
‐ Yes. it is!
‐ No. it's‐‐
God damn it.
‐ Who's this guy?
WOMAN: Benjie.
my boyfriend.
‐ Oh.
‐ Or ex‐boyfriend.
‐ He's gonna kill us.
‐ Oh!
Shit!
‐ What are you doing?
‐ It's a red light!
‐ So?
‐ There's cars coming.
‐ Jesus Christ!
BENJIE:
Give me the guitar. you bitch!
WOMAN:
I'm not letting you take her.
‐ Where is it?
‐ No. no. no. no. no.
BENJIE: I told you what would happen.
WOMAN: It's not yours!
‐ Wendy. give me the guitar.
‐ No! Get us out of here!
MARCUS: It's red.
There's cars!
‐ Drive.
‐ I can't.
BENJIE: I'm taking it!
WENDY: Drive!
MARCUS: I've never felt that
"time slowing down" sensation before.
but when Wendy grabbed my knee.
oh my god.
A million thoughts were running
through my head. like
"Should I flex my knee?
Do girls think strong knees are hot?"
I probably should have been
more concerned with the fact that.
you know. she was trying to get me
to voluntarily manslaughter
her ex‐boyfriend with a minivan. but still
look at those eyes.
I'd totally go to jail for those eyes.
‐ Drive!
BENJIE: Give me the goddamn guitar.
MARCUS: Shit! Shit! Shit! Sorry.
BENJIE: Stop the car. you psycho!
‐ You're the psycho. you crazy‐‐
‐ Stop this car!
‐ Hi.
I'm Wendy.
VOICEMAIL: Hey. it's Marcus.
Leave me a message or text me‐‐
‐ He's not answering.
I'm going to go find him.
‐ W‐‐ whoa. whoa!
Hey. wait a minute. Wait‐‐
Hold on. Hold on.
‐ Do you have the keys?
‐ Yes. but just hold on a second.
‐ He is not going
on this stupid road trip.
‐ Stupid?
‐ It's dangerous.
‐ Okay. maybe. but it's not stupid.
Like. dropping out of college
to go backpacking across South America
wasn't stupid.
‐ Dom. they're completely different.
‐ Yeah. We didn't even tell
our parents we were going.
Look. all I'm saying is.
one month from now.
there's a Marcus who never found peace
with losing his hearing.
But there's also a Marcus who did.
And I don't think you and I want
to be the parents
who decides which one he gets to be.
‐ It's not safe.
‐ I know.
He's smart. Like his. like his mom. okay.
He'll stay out of trouble. Don't worry.
MARCUS:
So are we safe now?
‐ Well. that was a terrible introduction.
‐ Oh. we've actually met before.
Kinda.
‐ Wait. are you the kid I stabbed?
‐ What? No!
‐ Okay. Good.
‐ You stabbed a kid?
‐ I accidentally stabbed him. I was like‐‐
We were moshing at Japandroids.
and I just kinda nicked him
in the eye with a corn dog.
‐ Jesus. No. I saw you play
at The Pyramid.
‐ You saw me play?
‐ Yeah.
You were incredible!
You have an amazing voice.
and your song was. like. catchy.
but also different.
‐ People don't usually give
a shit about openers.
‐ Well... one day you'll be the headliner.
‐ Ooh.
Are those fun pills?
Oh no. they're sad pills?
WAITRESS: Enjoy.
‐ "100 Soda Cans Opening
At The Same Time."
Easily my favorite.
‐ Sorry.
I can't imagine losing my hearing.
I think I'd wanna kill myself
if I were you.
Well. is this why you're going
to New York?
‐ Yeah.
What about you?
Got enough locks?
‐ No.
What you are about to see is
the single most important thing
in my entire life.
Okay?
‐ Okay.
MARCUS: Holy shit.
WENDY: Hmm. This is Darling.
She's a limited edition‐‐
BOTH:
1959 Gold Fender Stratocaster.
‐ Wow. with your obscure guitar knowledge.
‐ Obscure?
Sylvie Scar destroyed one of these
at her Berlin Wall protest!
It's my shirt.
Wait. one second. I swear.
‐ Oh wow! It is your shirt.
‐ Can I‐‐
‐ Yeah.
‐ I promise I'll be careful.
‐ Mmm.
‐ Hi. Darling.
She's gorgeous.
‐ Hmm. she is.
She was there for me when no one else was.
Whoa. slow down. St. Vincent.
‐ I only know a few chords.
My brother used to teach me. but. um.
we didn't really get that far.
Thanks.
‐ Wow!
A Sylvie shirt and a ringtone?
Nerd.
MARCUS: Yeah.
I wish I could see her live.
‐ Well.
I don't know. what if you could?
‐ What?
‐ That's why I'm going to New York.
I sent her my demo.
and she wants to meet me.
‐ What?
Sorry.
Wendy. this is insane.
I mean. do you really think
she's gonna sign you?
Maybe.
If I get there.
‐ Wow!
He wants to sell Darling.
What a shitty boyfriend.
‐ Ex‐boyfriend.
Look. I know this is all.
like. happening really fast.
and I know you have your playlist
to finish and everything. I just.
I‐‐ I really have to get to New York.
My life depends on it.
Like. Marcus. what are
the chances that we meet?
Seriously. what are the chances?
I mean. it's crazy. And I know
crazy is supposed to be a bad thing.
but like... what if. just for right now.
crazy is a good thing?
What if
crazy was supposed to happen?
MARCUS:
My brain said. "Don't go with her.
"You have a mission
that doesn't include being curb stomped
by a crazy motorcycle murder‐man."
But then again.
my brain did have a gigantic tumor in it.
VOICEMAIL:
Hey. it's Marcus.
Leave me a message
or text me like a normal person.
MARCUS: So how could I trust
what it said anyway?
Ready?
You! Me! Dancing! playing
‐ Only 80?
‐ All right.
Take two!
Whoo!
The beats. yeah. they were coming
out the speakers
straight in your sneakers
‐ All right. do you want to try
doing it‐‐ push it back.
Nice!
MARCUS:
Wendy made me happy.
Really happy.
I didn't stand a chance.
‐ Sold it. $120.
gentleman in the front.
‐ What?
She was like one of those
"caution. falling rocks" signs.
Like. what am I gonna do
about falling rocks?
How am I supposed
to take caution against that?
If it happens. it happens.
And oh my god. did it happen.
‐ Aah!
MARCUS:
Wendy was awesome.
She was clever. she was funny.
she was beautiful.
and most of all. she was‐‐
‐ Totally out of your league.
‐ Says who?
LAURA: Says me.
I mean. look at those
cheek bones. dude.
She's like a hard nine.
You're what? A soft six.
‐ What? I'm at least like a seven. eight.
‐ Six‐point‐five.
‐ Well. it's subjective. so‐‐
‐ Look. we just don't want you
coming home with a broken heart. okay.
Those are really hard to fix.
‐ My heart is the least of my worries.
It's my brain that's the issue.
‐ Wait. you really like her?
MARCUS: She's different.
‐ Different is what I need right now.
Uhh! All right. I gotta go.
Don't worry about me. okay.
‐ Please be safe!
‐ Try and get laid!
‐ Bye.
‐ Oh. hey.
thank you for letting me use
your ancient dildo.
‐ No. I hate it.
I'm definitely throwing it away.
‐ No. you can't.
It's like an artifact from
the sexual revolution. It's history.
Just use it as a paperweight.
‐ It's way too big to be a paperweight.
‐ Marcus. it's not that big.
Hmm. what do we have here?
MARCUS: Jesus. what the hell
happened here?
WENDY:
I think somebody had a party.
Yech! Ohh!
MARCUS: Oh my gosh.
‐ What are you?
MARCUS: Very. very expired.
‐ This thing looks like
it's from the Reagan administration.
‐ Stay‐‐ stay away from it.
No. let's leave it there.
What are you doing?
Mr. Gorbachev.
tear down this wall.
‐ Okay.
Um. number 13 on my list is
"A Perfect Strike."
If I. uh. kneel down by the pins.
do you think you can try to bowl one?
‐ Yup. I'm a great bowler.
‐ You sure about that?
‐ I'm warming up.
‐ Warm up.
If you want. I can try
to put the bumpers up.
‐ Lick my ass.
‐ Hey. why don't we just switch.
‐ What? No. I can do it!
‐ Mmm. No. you can't.
‐ Why? Because I'm a woman?
‐ No. because you bowl
like a five‐year‐old.
‐ Okay. Well. I bet you I can roll
a strike before you can.
‐ Oh! You bet?
‐ No. I mean‐‐
‐ No. no! If you're so confident.
let's bet. come on!
‐ Okay. Fine! Um.
whoever rolls a strike first
is the winner.
and the loser has to...
‐ Kiss the winner.
‐ ...eat the Reagan dog.
‐ Eat the Reagan dog.
Yup. that's what I said.
You ready?
‐ Mm‐hmm.
‐ Okay.
‐ Get ready to lose.
Ohh!
Damn.
‐ Not bad.
‐ Yeah. yeah. go on.
Go roll another gutter.
Not the gutter. remember?
‐ Right. So the middle?
‐ Well. ideally.
‐ Okay. okay.
That's what they call "getting hustled."
Here. you're gonna need this.
Da‐da‐da‐na!
Four more years!
God damn it.
‐ Hey. Marcus.
let's go double or nothing
on some taquitos.
MARCUS:
I hate you.
‐ Uhh! Yeah!
‐ Damn!
That was a good one.
‐ Uhh‐‐
‐ Did you ever just watch hours
of YouTube videos
of people cracking their back?
‐ What? No.
‐ Yeah. me either.
‐ What is that smell?
Is that you?
Oh. you smell like a dead animal.
‐ I don't smell. I just‐‐
‐ Um.
let's go.
‐ Hey. where are you going?
‐ I don't know. to find
a river or something.
We need to clean you up.
‐ You know. actually it's more likely
to drown in a river at night because‐‐
because you can't...
‐ You are so lame!
‐ ...tell how fast the rapids are going.
All right.
Well. now I can add "getting mauled
by a bear" to the list.
‐ Jackpot.
What are you doing?
‐ Rich people. man.
I don't pretend I understand them.
but I will take advantage of them.
‐ No. no. no. what about the river?
‐ Well. I thought rivers were dangerous.
‐ Yeah. but this is illegal.
‐ Well. Marcus.
would you rather break the law
or would you rather drown?
‐ There's nothing in between?
God.
Yep. I'm a felon now. so that's cool.
‐ Have you never seen a girl
in her underwear before?
‐ Yeah. Like. dozens.
‐ Okay.
‐ No.
No. no. we're not shampooing
in someone else's pool.
That's where I draw the line.
‐ Oh. well. you better draw it then.
‐ Am I being hustled again?
‐ What?
No.
I pinkie promise.
Woo‐hoo!
‐ Shut up.
‐ Wait. wait. what are you doing?
Take your shirt off.
‐ No. I swim with my shirt on.
‐ Why?
That's weird.
‐ No. it's not.
‐ Yes. it is.
Just take it off.
‐ I don't want to.
‐ Don't be lame. Why?
‐ 'Cause I don't want to!
‐ Fine.
‐ Okay.
Oh. Jesus. it's so cold!
‐ Marcus. just‐‐ Shhh!
‐ Why didn't you tell me it was‐‐
‐ We're gonna die‐‐
MAN: Hey! Who is that?
Get the hell out of my house!
MARCUS: God!
WENDY: Go! Go! Go! Go!
‐ Whoa!
Ah! Ahh!
WENDY:
Come on. you idiot!
It was an indoor pool.
It wasn't that cold.
‐ No. it was basically an ice rink.
‐ Oh. dude. you really
gashed yourself up on that fall.
‐ No. it's fine.
‐ No. no. You need to Neosporin that
before you turn into The Fly.
‐ Don't worry about it.
‐ It's gonna get infected.
‐ No. it won't.
‐ Marcus.
Just let me fix it.
Okay. yeah.
Um. so this is gonna sting.
Almost done.
‐ Thanks.
‐ What are friends for?
‐ Are we friends?
‐ Are we not?
‐ No. I'm not saying we're not.
I was... just checking.
I'm glad we're friends.
‐ I get it.
It's hard for girls
to be friends with you. isn't it?
‐ What?
‐ Well. I mean. for someone who's seen
"dozens of girls" in their underwear.
I'm sure it's like you just want
to be friends with them
but they always want something more.
‐ Yeah.
That for sure happens.
‐ But... not us.
We're just friends. right?
So you're. you're not a virgin?
‐ No.
‐ You've had sex before?
So you know how to...
give a woman what she wants?
Good.
Wouldn't want you going deaf
before you hear a girl orgasm.
Good night. friend.
‐ Good night.
Chainsaw.
Excuse me!
Hey. excuse me!
Hey!
Are you cutting down another tree?
Hey. can I record?
Yeah. Tree?
‐ Can I ask you something personal?
‐ You can try.
‐ Your ex‐boyfriend. Benjie.
Just kinda seemed like a‐‐
‐ Like a piece of shit?
‐ Yeah.
And so.
I‐‐ I don't know. I was just wondering‐‐
‐ Like. why I would date him
in the first place?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Sometimes. you... you meet people who
really. really make you care about
what they think about you.
Like. even if you hate them.
for some reason.
you still want them to like you.
It's like their superpower.
‐ It's a pretty shitty superpower.
‐ He always thought I was dumb
for wanting to be... a rockstar.
‐ Well. it is dumb to want
to be a rockstar.
‘Cause you already are one.
Roller rink!
Well. there's too many people.
I can't get a clean take.
‐ Oh my god. Watch it!
ANNOUNCER: Okay. skaters.
time to grab yourself a partner
and slow things down.
Because it's couple's skate.
and Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now.
‐ Ah. I love this song
‐ Me too.
playing
Hey. maybe we should‐‐
‐ Whoa! Okay.
Okay. you know what? That's it.
Give me that thing.
‐ What? Why?
‐ Give me‐‐
Just keep skating.
‐ Where are you going?
WENDY: Just keep skating.
don't ever look back
‐ Sorry. Sorry.
Sorry.
Baby. we can make it
if we're heart to heart
MAN: Come on!
‐ Wendy.
I think there's a fire.
‐ No. there's not. I pulled the alarm.
‐ What? Why?
‐ For us.
We are the fire.
Come on.
‐ Oh yeah!
I will stay here with you
‐ Are you okay?
‐ Yeah. Are you?
‐ Yeah.
Put your arms around me. baby.
don't ever let go
if we're heart to heart
‐ What does that mean?
‐ It means my ass is soaked.
‐ Did I get it?
‐ Perfect.
‐ Yay!
WENDY:
This was a terrible idea.
‐ Terrible.
MARCUS: Do you have my mic?
‐ Yeah.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Um. so I'm gonna go check
some voice mails.
‐ You're not coming?
‐ No offense. but "Cows Sound
Kinda Cool I Guess."
uh. sounds like something you wrote
when you were high.
‐ Cows. okay. are
under‐appreciated animals.
and I happen to think
they sound kinda cool. so‐‐
‐ Hey. man. don't let me stop you.
You gotta talk to her sometime.
‐ I thought you had voice mails to check?
VOICE MESSAGING SYSTEM:
Message one.
BENJIE: I swear to God.
if you don't pick up your phone.
I'm gonna come down there‐‐
VOICE MESSAGING SYSTEM:
Message deleted.
Next message.
BENJIE:
I am so sorry. okay.
You‐‐ Look. you know how I get
when I get angry.
VOICE MESSAGING SYSTEM:
Message deleted.
Next message.
PAUL: This is Paul from New York
confirming for tomorrow.
Can't wait to see what you got.
‐ Hey. girl.
you got a moo for me?
Okay.
Just one moo.
that's all I need.
BENJIE: And to think
I wasted so many years
pretending I liked
your shitty. boring songs.
You know that's why I came
up to you in the first place. right?
I was like. "Damn. she's hot.
"Maybe if I tell her
she got a nice voice.
she'll take off her shirt
and suck on my‐‐"
VOICE MESSAGING SYSTEM:
Message deleted.
‐ I think we're. uh. I think
we're running out of tape.
You got one in there?
Sir. d‐‐ uh. does she moo?
Is there one that moos more?
Hey.
‐ Hey.
‐ How'd the voicemails go?
‐ Not great.
How'd your moo go?
I think the next town's
about 30 minutes away‐‐
‐ I need a drink. Do you want a drink?
‐ Yeah.
Yeah. we could get a drink.
‐ You've drank before. right?
‐ Yeah. I've... been drunk
a bunch of times.
‐ Cool. dude.
‐ Uh. but come to think of it.
I'll probably just have a sip or two.
‐ Whatever. Fine.
MARCUS: And. like.
you're like a hard nine.
and I'm like a soft six‐point‐five.
And I know I'm supposed
to play "hard to get"
but look at me. I'm so easy to get.
‐ Okay. Okay. okay.
All right. I think you've had enough.
‐ No!
Why didn't you ask me about my scar?
‐ I just figured you've answered
enough questions about it.
‐ Yeah.
Usually that's the case. but right now.
I kinda want to talk about it.
‐ Okay.
‐ Can you ask me about my scar?
‐ Oh yeah.
‐ Okay.
‐ Hey. what's up with that scar?
‐ Oh. thanks for asking.
I. um. I got it when I was a kid.
My house burned down.
and my big brother Alex
died rescuing me.
‐ Oh. I'm... I'm sorry.
‐ Mm. don't be.
‐ I know it's no consolation.
but. um. it's a pretty badass scar.
‐ Nah. It's ugly.
But. you know. I'd rather have
an ugly reminder
that love exists than no reminder at all.
You would have liked him.
He also wanted to be a musician.
and... yeah. he was awesome.
But. you know. he had
to give that up to save me.
He gave up his dream
to save me.
And I look at you.
and I see that you're still chasing
your dream
even after all the shit
you've been through.
And... I don't know.
I just hope that one day you look at me
the same way I look at you.
‐ That's a silly thing to say.
BOTH: Ohh!
MARCUS: Oh no. I ruined it.
WENDY: Yeah.
MARCUS: I'm sorry.
WENDY: Hey. Marcus.
Marcus!
‐ Where are we?
‐ Welcome to your first hangover.
‐ Oh my God! My head.
Oh. if this is what hangovers are.
I'm never drinking again.
It hurts so much.
‐ Well. this might make you feel better.
MARCUS:
Oh my God. we made it.
We made it.
Oh. wait. wait. I had a... I had a song.
I had a song queued for this.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
Bluetooth connection lost.
‐ No. no. no.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
No devices found.
MARCUS:
Come on. sync.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
Searching for connection.
MARCUS:
Bluetooth. you're ruining the moment.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
No devices found.
MARCUS:
Connect.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
Bluetooth connected.
MARCUS:
Yeah.
Rhapsody in Blue playing
ANNOUNCER ON SPEAKER:
Next stop. 42nd Street‐‐
WENDY: Technically.
she's my grandmother's cousin.
but I've always just called her my aunt.
MARCUS: Okay.
‐ Um. hey. by the way.
she was kicked by a deer
in the head when she was five. so just‐‐
WOMAN: Hello!
WENDY: Hi!
WOMAN: Hello! Come in. Come in.
‐ Hi. Aunt Delilah.
AUNT DELILAH:
Oh. it's cold out there.
Oh. Wendy.
‐ Hi!
AUNT DELILAH: It's so good to see you.
‐ You too!
AUNT DELILAH:
Oh my gosh. Aww.
‐ Um. this is Marcus.
This is the kid I told you about.
‐ Oh.
Oh. are you the one that's going blind?
‐ Uh. no. Actually. I'm going deaf.
‐ Oh! Thank goodness.
Oh my gosh. can you imagine going blind?
‐ Yeah. no. it sounds awful.
‐ Sounds! Deaf!
I get it.
WENDY: Right.
‐ I get it. Here. follow me.
Oh! Oh!
‐ You were a cute baby.
‐ Jesus!
You scared me.
‐ How stoked do you think
kid Wendy would be to see you right now?
‐ I don't think three‐year‐old Wendy knew
who Sylvie Scar was.
‐ Yeah. but she'd see that your dreams
were about to come true.
‐ Since when do you drink tea?
‐ Since your aunt insisted.
It's actually not bad.
Although I did just find
a LEGO Minifigure in it.
‐ Yeah. she does that to make sure
the tea bag doesn't get lonely.
‐ All right. that's pretty cute.
You almost ready?
‐ Yeah. um.
I just need a minute.
‐ Okay.
Cool.
I'll go hang out with your aunt.
‐ Have fun.
‐ Okay. I think I'm this way.
‐ Yeah. um. I'm down here.
‐ Okay. Well‐‐
Sing your heart out. Wendy Green.
Sylvie's gonna love you.
‐ Thanks. I will.
‐ Hey.
You okay?
‐ Uh. yeah. I'm just nervous.
VOICE ASSISTANT:
You have arrived at your destination.
MARCUS: Dennis?
‐ Marcus?
‐ Hey.
‐ Wait right there. Dewey. take this.
DEWEY: Yeah.
‐ Dude! Marcus Lund.
He lives and breathes.
Bring it in. brother.
Oh my God!
Look at you. You work out?
‐ Uh‐‐
‐ Huh?
‐ P. E.
‐ Come on.
I can't get over this.
You look so much like your brother.
it is blowing my mind.
It's all in the eyes.
‐ Thanks.
‐ Let me get that cassette tape.
I'll be right back. all right?
DENNIS: There she is.
Check it out.
It's the only demo I could find.
You know. we were mostly a punk band.
but. uh. this is one
of his more softer songs.
Would never play it live.
All right.
Uh. this is Through the Smoke.
take... four?
‐ He's so good.
‐ Did he write these lyrics?
DENNIS: Oh yeah.
‐ You know. in retrospect. I guess I wish
I would have paid more attention to them.
but I was young.
I didn't think about it.
I just thought they sounded cool.
‐ What are you talking about?
‐ I mean. you know. uh.
the‐‐ the whole fire thing.
‐ What about it?
‐ You know. how he...
how he started it and everything.
Okay. you know what? Maybe we should‐‐
‐ No.
Alex didn't start the fire.
he saved me from it.
That's the only reason I'm alive.
‐ You know. maybe you should talk
to your parents.
‐ No. I'm talking to you right now.
Let's talk.
My brother was a hero.
He saved my life.
‐ Look. man. I am really sorry.
but that's just.
that's not what happened.
Alex started the fire.
It was a... you know.
it was a suicide. man.
The whole scene. we were devastated.
We loved Alex.
Oh. come on. man. I'm really sorry.
I‐‐ I thought you knew.
‐ Marcus!
Marcus. where are you?
Marcus. ar‐‐ are you okay. sweetheart?
Are you okay?
‐ Is it true about Alex?
Mom?
Wendy!
‐ Oh goodie! You're just
in time for dinner.
‐ Is Wendy here?
‐ We're having raisins.
and carrots‐‐
‐ Delilah. is Wendy here?
‐ Um. well. she came back.
and then she grabbed all her stuff.
and then she called a taxi.
‐ What?
Where?
‐ Penn Station.
VOICEMAIL: Hi. it's Wendy.
Leave a message.
ANNOUNCER:
West Gate. track 12.
‐ Wendy.
‐ Marcus?
Wha‐‐ what are you doing here?
‐ What are you doing here?
‐ Uh. nothing. I'm‐‐ I guess
I was looking for you.
MAN: Excuse me.
‐ Shit!
Wendy. where's Darling?
‐ Um.
I sold her to a dealer.
MAN:
Hey. lady. you dropped this.
‐ What about Sylvie?
What about your meeting?
‐ Uh. yeah. I'll be right there.
‐ I made it up.
‐ No. no. you sent her your demo.
She said she wanted to meet you‐‐
‐ Marcus. I made it up.
Hey. hands off.
‐ You lied to me?
MAN: It's in everyone's way.
‐ Um‐‐
‐ You lied to me for a ride?
‐ What?
No. No. no. no‐‐
‐ What the hell is wrong with you?
‐ Marcus. I was in
an abusive relationship.
I was making music
that no one wanted to hear.
Darling is my ticket out.
To a normal life.
Like. some people.
they don't achieve their dreams‐‐
‐ Stop!
‐ Some people just have to live
normal lives. and that's okay!
‐ Okay. Well. I'm glad I let you live
your dream before you gave it up.
‐ Come on. Marcus. That's not fair.
‐ Bye. Wendy.
‐ Marcus!
Marcus.
Yeah. I'm coming. Back off!
‐ Marcus?
‐ Hey!
‐ Sorry. we're closed. Come back tomorrow.
‐ Did Marcus come back here?
‐ Oh. Uh. no. he did not. Why?
Hey. wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
If you see him. can you give this
to him for me?
I mean. I doubt he'll even want it.
but just in case.
‐ Why wouldn't he want this?
‐ Oh boy. I really have
to do this twice today?
Great.
Is it really this fun
when you're on my mind
to be in your life
PARAMEDIC:
Sir? Sir. can you hear me?
Sir. do you know where you are?
‐ Alex was diagnosed with bipolar one
when he was 13.
He struggled with anxiety
and depression and psychosis.
He took medication and normally he was.
he was the Alex you remember.
But sometimes. he would have
"episodes."
and he wouldn't be Alex anymore.
‐ Why didn't you tell me?
‐ You were young.
Somehow after the fire.
when you woke up. you were convinced
that Alex had saved you.
I couldn't take that away from you.
To be really honest.
it was easier to let you believe that.
‐ He set fire to the house with me in it.
and you let me believe this whole time
that he was some big hero?
‐ Alex did not set fire to that house.
his sickness did.
Marcus‐‐
‐ How do you live with yourself
lying to your son like that?
‐ You can hate me right now. It's okay.
It's okay.
Just don't hate Alex.
Because he was a good kid.
and he fought his demons every day.
and he was as much of a victim as you are.
‐ I guess I didn't really know who he was.
‐ Yes. you did.
Marcus. look at me.
The Alex you knew was real.
and he loved you so much‐‐
‐ Bullshit!
‐ Marcus‐‐
‐ Don't "Marcus" me.
I drove across the country
to hear his voice
only to realize that everything
I thought I knew.
everything I based my life on. was a lie.
because you didn't have
the courage to tell me the truth.
‐ I was trying to protect you‐‐
‐ Yeah. well. you're not really good
at protecting your fucking kids. are you?
‐ I'm so sorry.
VOICEMAIL:
Hey. it's Marcus.
Leave me a message or text me
like a normal person.
AUCTIONEER: Sold it.
$120. gentleman in the front.
MARCUS: What do you think they're saying?
WENDY:
They're probably flirting.
MARCUS:
Ladies and gentlemen.
we are very lucky to be listening
to the very first recording
of the world's next overnight sensation.
MARCUS:
I'm happy to have met you. Wendy.
Don't forget me
when you're all famous. all right?
Please.
Selling it was a huge mistake.
‐ Sorry. All sales are final.
‐ Come on. man. you have no idea
how much that guitar means to me.
‐ Buy it back.
‐ It's twice what I sold it for.
‐ Sorry. sweetheart. a deal's a deal.
‐ I don't have that kind of money.
‐ What are you. deaf?
WENDY: Hey. it's me.
I know you're probably
still mad at me. and. uh...
I don't blame you.
I really put you through the wringer.
I found out about your brother. Marcus.
I'm so sorry. dude.
I can't imagine how much that hurts.
But. um. don't let this
change him for you.
I feel like we grow up
and people are always... saying that.
no matter what.
everything will work out in the end.
But I don't know.
Like. isn't it way more complicated
than that?
I can't tell you how to live
with your memories of Alex. but.
God. Marcus. I hope you find a way.
I hope you can learn to love him
for who he really was
and not who you imagined him to be.
Though you do imagine people
to be pretty great.
I got Darling back.
It took a little. um... convincing.
I'm taking my guitar.
MAN: I told you‐‐
WENDY: Listen. I don't think you know
who you're dealing with. buddy!
MAN: Jesus Christ!
WENDY: I'm taking my guitar back.
and if you're smart.
you won't get in my way.
MAN: Put that down!
That's worth $2.000!
WENDY: I don't care.
MAN: Who do you think you are?
WENDY: I'm a woman on a mission.
MAN: You're crazy!
WENDY: Bet your ass I'm crazy. dude!
MAN: I'm gonna call the cops.
WENDY: Go ahead!
Here is your money.
Dude. don't call me "sweetheart."
Yeah. not my proudest moment.
But Darling is back home
where she belongs.
and she wouldn't be if it.
if it weren't for you.
Anyway. enough of the sappy shit.
I have a surprise for you.
‐ You ready?
‐ Yeah.
‐ All right.
WENDY:
Okay. so it's not perfect.
but in. like. some dumb kind of way it's.
maybe that's the point.
you know. that. um.
reality never really matches
your expectations?
I... um.
I just want you to be happy. Marcus.
I just want you to be happy.
DENNIS: You good?
‐ Yeah. Yeah. I think so.
Far From Home playing
:
Hi. I'm Marcus Lund.
and you're listening
to The Ultimate Playlist of‐‐
Holy shit!
: Nice.
Perfect.
Great job.
‐ The windchimes were beautiful.
‐ Hey. Dad.
Can I lock it?
‐ Yeah.
‐ You okay?
‐ Okay.
‐ Is that enough?
DOCTOR: Yes.
Check vitals one more time. please.
That's gonna hit you in a little bit.
‐ Okay.
‐ You got this.
NURSE: The waiting room
is right over here.
‐ Can we. can we stay with him
for a little longer?
DOCTOR: Mm‐hmm.
NURSE: I'm just gonna
set you back a bit. okay?
‐ Okay.
‐ We'll be right here waiting for you.
All right?
‐ Okay.
‐ It's gonna be okay.
You're gonna be great.
‐ Wait. Wait. um‐‐
Can we just wait?
Please. stop for a second. just‐‐
‐ Relax. Everything's gonna be okay.
‐ Just wait‐‐
‐ Wait. Marcus. hang on. hang on.
‐ Mom.
‐ I know. It's okay. It's okay.
‐ I can't do it. I can't do it.
Please. just one more day.
‐ Okay.
‐ Please. just one more day.
‐ It's okay.
Listen to me.
You're going to be okay.
I promise you.
We're right here for you.
We're not going anywhere.
All right. baby?
It's gonna be okay.
‐ Did he like me?
‐ Oh. sweetheart.
He loved you.
He loved you so much.
‐ I'm sorry for yelling at you.
ALYSSA: Ohh!
Listen to me.
I love you
more than anything in the world.
MARCUS:
If you asked me a few months ago
what life would be like
without my hearing.
I wouldn't have been able to answer
because I was too afraid
of losing such a huge part of me.
But now.
I see that life without sound
is still beautiful.
It's just a different kind of beautiful.
One that I just met.
That I'm excited to get to know.
Just because I can't hear anymore
doesn't mean I experience my life
any less than I used to.
'Course I miss sounds.
Saying goodbye to something
you love is hard.
But sometimes if I really focus.
I can still kinda hear it.
ALEX:
All right. I'll play this.
and then you play at the same time.
Green!
Yellow!
Orange!
MARCUS:
All things considered.
I'd say that my life is pretty great.
I still have my friends. my family.
and the adventure that will always
remind me of Wendy.
And of Alex.
And that's a life worth living.
with or without hearing.
So. now.
without further ado.
please enjoy
The Ultimate Playlist of Noise.
‐ Okay. and then we'll loop that back
into the chorus.
DENNIS: No problem. Wendy.
‐ Okay.
Hey. uh. can I take five?
ALEX:
All right.
Uh. this is Through the Smoke.
take... four?
Take four.
near the zoo line
‐